All right guys so we're going to look at the transform property now and this is a page from the MDA
and Web site the Mozilla docs and it gives you a pretty good example of some of the effects that you
can do with the transform so for instance we can rotate.
I'm going to click off it first.
This is skew so you can kind of skew it.
You can rotate.
You can scale.
So make it bigger you can translate which is basically move it around matrix.
So we're going to look at some of these properties.
And we're also going to kind of integrate it with transitions.
So let's create a new file called 10 underscore transform dot HD email
say transform and put in our style.
And again I'm just going to have a glass of box.
So we're just working with this box here.
And I'm just going to copy from the transitions.
I'm going to copy the whole body because I just want to a box in the middle.
Actually I'll just grab both of these.
Grab the hover as well and I'll just delete some stuff.
So it's paste that in and I'm going to keep for the box the background the width and the height and
I'll get rid of all the hover for now.
And I'm actually going to set it to 300 pixels.
All right.
So let's save that and let's open this with live server we have a 300 pixel wide three a pixel height
box in the middle of the screen.
And let's apply a transform.
So we'll go to the box here and let's say transform and then we're gonna have an effect let's use rotate.
OK so we'll say rotate and that's going to take in whatever the amount you want to rotate let's say
25 TEGA.
So 25 degrees and we'll save.
And that's going to rotate it.
Now of course you could use rotate this rotate with animation with key frames transitions.
But if you just wanted to have something tilted a little bit you could just use it directly like this.
All right.
So next we're going to look at let's let's comment this.
So next we're going to look at SKU which we'll just kind of skew it diagonally Diak diagonally Is that
a word diagonal.
And let's try that.
OK.
So you can see what SKU does.
And this is nice if you want to have diagonal lines like in your layout if you want to have maybe you
know a little showcase area where you have something on this side something on this side and you want
to diagonal line in the middle instead of just having it half and half like that.
So that is SKU.
Let's see its costs.
Copy this down and common this.
So and let's look at scale.
So scale let's just put in two and that's just going to scale it up.
So essentially we're doubling in size we could put three and we'll scale even more.
All right.
So it's comment that out now the next thing I want to show you is is how to use transform with transitions.
So I'm going to add a transition for all elements that are animated bill and let's do one second is
an out OK.
And then let's just save that.
That's going to go back down and in our hover.
Let's let's do the rotate
so to rotate instead of 25 though let's do 180.
So now when I hover over it it rotates when I hover off it goes back.
So pretty cool.
We can also skew it.
Let's grab that
so now when I hover over it it skews and this this is going to basically you know overwrite the rotate
and then we can also do scale
so we save that and I hover over it.
It'll scale up.
Now we can also move this around the page without having to do like a position relative and then doing
top bottom left right properties.
And we can do that by using translate case we have translate we have translate X translate y so we can
move it along the x axis in the y axis.
So let's actually comment this stuff out and let's do a trance form and then we're gonna set it to translate
let's to translate y and let's say one hundred pixels.
All right.
So let's save that.
Now when I hover over this it's going to move it down a hundred pixels.
So I didn't have to do like a position relative or a top top one whatever property.
It just simply moves a hundred pixels.
And now if I want to move it up on the y axis I can simply put a negative value so negative 100 is going
to move it up.
And if I want to do on the x axis I can do translate X to 100 pixels.
And that's going to go over and if I want to go the other way I could of course do a negative value
there.
Now let's say I want to move it on the x and y axis I can just use translate.
I can say transform
translate.
And this is gonna take in the x and the Y parameters so let's say one hundred pixels on the x axis one
hundred pixels on the y axis.
And now when I hover over it it will go one hundred over and one hundred down.
And of course I could use negative values if I wanted to.
Now for if you want to increase performance you can actually use translate 3D which I don't use all
that much but we can do translate 3D and let's actually comment this stuff.
So if we use translate 3D this actually has to have a z value as well.
So hundred pixels and that's gonna do the same thing.
OK.
And I believe it increases performance if you use translate 3D and you can do some really cool things
I mean I'm not that familiar with it.
I usually use translate but it is available to us.
All right.
So that's the transform property we'll be using this later on in other projects but that's going to
be it for this video guys and I'll see you in the next one.